And welcome Akbar, who's going to share with us some of his amazing early experiences in
Sajyoga tonight.
So just to start, Akbar, how did you come to find Sajyoga in the first place?
When was that?
Hello to everyone.
I'm Akbar, I'm from the United States of America.
Before I start my experiences, I just wanted to thank Caroline and other people, other
yogis are helping to support this beautiful memory of the old Saj yogis.
Really thank you for your love and care and time you put for that.
Thank you very much.
It's an enormous pleasure and a privilege.
So it is a little bit long story.
When I finished my study as an architect in Rome University, I started working in Rome
for a couple of years, but then somehow it was not easy to find a job.
Then I searched out of Italy, so I found a job in Zimbabwe.
I said, okay, I'm going to Zimbabwe.
Then they told me from London there are cheap flights to Zimbabwe because it's colony of
Britain.
I said, okay, go to London, spend some time there.
Anyway, after a couple of weeks, I found a job as an architect.
I found a beautiful house in Hampstead.
Seems that everything was just arranged because the house was five minutes to Hampstead Hall,
walking.
Then in front of my house was this Indian store and behind my house was this Hampstead
Heath Park.
Before that, I was searching for many years.
I was traveling from one country to another country, one book to another book, but somehow
I couldn't find anything.
For a couple of years, I was working there and my seeking was getting more strong.
I started having headaches and stomach problems.
After the work, I used to go to this Hampstead Heath Park and walk and just complain to the
Divine.
So what shall I do?
I don't know what else I do.
I didn't harm anybody.
I didn't do anything wrong.
All these thoughts, I cannot stop them, all these doubts and this kind of...
I'm not happy.
All the time, every day I go three, four, five hours just walking like mad and talking.
Then one day I was just walking.
Suddenly I heard a voice telling me, the thing you are searching is within you, it's not
out.
I just couldn't move.
I don't know, maybe a little movement of Kundalini was there.
I was so happy, so happy that, okay, if it's inside me, I will find it.
I'm so tired of searching outside.
I don't know, for one hour maybe I couldn't move.
But the first time I felt my feet were on the ground.
It was a different kind of feeling.
I never had that.
From the next day I go walk and put my attention inside, so what is inside, what I have to
search, talking just myself.
And then I remember the Sufis saying, the God is within you.
I was saying, oh God, where are you?
What can I do?
How can I contact you?
I didn't know what to do, so talking to myself all the time.
Well, this for a couple of months was like this.
So I went to the library, I got all the Sakhrit books, Bible, Quran and yoga.
So I studied a little bit those.
Then I said, okay, if I have to start finding the God, maybe through religion.
Because until 15 years old, my mother was doing this namaz, this Islamic prayer.
My father was doing, so I was doing also.
But one day I did the namaz, I see before namaz, after namaz, I'm the same, nothing
is changing.
So I left it.
After all these years passing now, I said, okay, I have to do this namaz.
I start doing namaz, and I go, somehow you put your, you bend and you put your both feet
on your knees and say some prayer.
And I feel my void is full of vibration, something is happening there and I don't want to get
up, I want to stay there.
Then when I put my head on the floor, here I feel like lots of vibration is happening
from my namaz during one hour.
So for a couple of months it was like that.
Then one day I said, I was feeling so thirsty of worshipping God.
I was feeling alone.
I said, where can I go?
There is mosque and church.
I said, I know this place is not the right place, but I was so thirsty.
I said, okay, I go to the church.
So I go to first church in Hampstead, the door is closed.
Oh God, all my life I see these doors are open, now I want to go, it's closed.
I go to second church, the door is closed.
I said, okay, God doesn't want to go to the church.
So I come to the house and after noon I was going to shopping.
So I knew the thing that I stole, the owner, that was young chap and we were friends.
So as soon as I put my feet in the shop, I see a small picture of Shri Mataji on the wall.
So two years this photo was there, but since I was not ready, not 21 days like a duija, like a bird.
So I asked him, who is she?
He said, oh, she's curing and she didn't know exactly what's happening.
But she said, oh, I can take you every Thursday, they have program there.
I said, yes, please.
So I come there.
At that time there was this John, this little guy was doing introduction and he was talking about insight.
I was so happy, at least I can understand this channel, this chakras, because I didn't know anything about it.
So, so happy when we finished, I just jump on walking and I said, thank you, since I find that I was searching for many years.
Then Shri Mataji's talk and her talk was just seems all my cells of my brain was rusted.
Her talk was just getting live.
It's like that, this is it.
So I was so, so happy.
And every week I was the first person with the flower going there, sitting there next to the cassette player, because I was interested in Shri Mataji's talk.
And I was trying to learn a few phrases and practice them from the beginning.
So she was saying, for example, go and watch the trees and see how long you can watch without thinking.
So I was practicing going to garden and watching, or when I was walking through shops, looking the vitrine, nice clothes and things, I was practicing if I can be thoughtless watching.
Anyway, so three months is passing.
Every time I go, one of these people was working on me, was this svergi.
Every time, he said, do you feel this cool breeze?
I said, what do you want? What is this cool breeze? I'm so happy you have found it.
I was saying, no, I don't feel it, but I'm so happy I found it.
After three months, one time I come back from the program, I go home, I have my dinner.
It was about 10.30, 11 o'clock, I go to sleep.
As soon as I put my head down, my eyes are closed.
And then suddenly I feel like a cool drop of water in my Saraswara, in front of the mohairia.
Now I can see my eyes are closed, I am so relaxed.
My thought process is stopped.
So my attention is exactly here, what's happening?
I'm not moving at all.
So this drop of water, like heartbeat, becomes larger and larger and larger and larger.
After some time, all the sasras cool down, the rest of my body becomes more hot.
In a way, I can feel very vividly this coolness is coming down.
I came down, came down, turned around, my head is cool.
I don't feel the weight of my body and I'm just enjoying this.
Came down, came down, came down.
As soon as I reached my heart, suddenly, like when you put the TV on, the image comes,
I see my heart in the palm of both hands.
Now my eyes are closed, I can see this is my heart.
It is palpitating, it's full of light.
I can see all the veins and I was so doubting, this is my heart.
I said, let me see if the palpitating is the same to make sure.
I listened to my heart palpitating and see if it's the same.
So this coolness has stayed a long time in my heart.
So when the heart was cooled down, as soon as the coolness went down,
then this image went away.
I came down, came down, came down, until my toes, all my body is cool.
And as soon as all my body got cool down, then I feel the chakras palpitating,
getting out of the heat.
I feel better and better, exactly, I can feel where are the chakras.
So this was going on and on and on.
After sometime I just opened my eyes and I see the sunlight from the window.
I said, no, it's not possible.
I opened my eyes, it's three o'clock the day after.
It was 17 hours, this took place.
It still was working, but I had to go to work.
So I just came down from the bed and suddenly I remember the Bible was written about baptism.
It becomes like a second birth.
And exactly it was like that because I was feeling a newborn, like a baby,
without any kind of all my problems, thinking, doubt, nothing, no thought.
Babbling with the joy for four days, it was like this.
Day and night, these seven chakras was palpitating, clearing up the chakras.
And I was just in the realm.
So then after one month, Shrimadji came.
The first program was in…
Akbar, what year was that? What year was that?
This was 82.
1982.
Then after program, the sahaja yogis went to Shrimadji and said,
Shrimadji, we found a Muslim.
Shrimadji was laughing and said, come here.
I sat there with her hand, she massaged my satsaras.
She said, oh, it's okay.
After four days, I was in the train with Shrimadji and two other yogis.
They were four people going to Brighton for Buddha Buddha.
I'm only four months inside yoga.
I'm so happy about myself because it was totally new life.
Shrimadji is sitting in front of me.
Somehow we went to Brighton, five days we were with her, doing full job, going shopping with her.
After that, I said, I have to go around the world to bring this message because I know everybody has problems.
Because I was traveling a lot.
So I said, let's start from Italy.
I have to go back to Italy because I knew many people there, friends and friends.
So then from there, we started.
Shrimadji wanted to make a school, so we had to find the ashram, the first ashram in Rome.
After that, she wanted to buy an ashram.
So this was the story of my self-realization.
What other experiences did you have with Shrimadji that you can tell us about, Thakbam?
One of the experiences was the first time in the hamster hall when I was sitting to her, she said, what are you doing?
I said, I'm an architect. She said, oh, one day you have to build a house for me.
So years passed, nothing happened.
Pratistan was built.
Then we started Sahaja Yoga in Istanbul.
And the first program, there were many people.
And then after three weeks, there were about 50 people in the follow-up.
Then we said somebody has to stay, take care of them.
So I said, this is a Muslim country, so maybe I have to stay.
So for nine months, I rented an apartment and I was doing a program.
After nine months, we invited Shrimadji to come there.
And then when she came, she was very happy about the new seekers.
She said, oh, you have to come to India to build a house for me.
I forgot everything.
So I went to India and this was amazing because there was another architect in India, so we were two architects.
So we went to measure the plot and came to her.
We put a small little table for her and pen and paper.
We measured the plot and put it in front of her.
And we told each other, we don't suggest anything.
Whatever she said, she said, gee, gee, gee, gee.
So she started planning, okay, bedrooms are here, these are windows.
The escape steps are here, the bathrooms are here.
So four or five hours she planned.
This is a five-story building.
But you could see somehow the staircase doesn't go there.
But she was asking, is okay, the staircase here?
Gee, gee, gee.
So we come and we put in the escape.
Next day we go there.
The staircase is not here.
It's here.
The bedroom is not there.
She changed everything.
Three, four hours, five hours.
So we came back and put in the staircase, go back there.
Every day we go there until little by little you could see, oh, this is a great idea.
She kind of made kind of thing to get the light in the center of the building.
The building is in Noida.
It was private, I don't know.
House for her.
Anyway, after 16 days, it was nearly done.
Everything was nicely done.
Without VISA, anything.
It did everything.
So at the end when we finish, then she said, ah, these architects, they have some concept in their head.
The staircase should be there.
The bathroom should be there.
But building a house is like a woman want to have a child.
So nine months it take until the baby is completed.
So the building is the same.
So I have to put first the bedroom is there, then staircase there, then see how it's coming, then change it.
I have to create.
Otherwise, this architect have concept in their head.
So that was amazing.
I heard also the engineering part she did it.
Which kind of bar you put, this thing.
It was kind of amazing.
Then after that, I was two years there until the structure of the building was finished.
And after two years, she said, okay, come to Milano.
I want to buy a castle.
So I came, we went to Milano every day because different castle.
We find one castle, real castle on two floor, high ceiling, all painting, very nice, nice old furniture and 90 bedroom.
It was really a castle.
So she asked us, do you like it?
Yes, she might have did.
So okay, bargain, bye.
So this would take few days until the practical thing was happening.
In the meantime, she said, let's go to see other places.
None, we end up in Cabela.
Her car was this Lincoln, you couldn't go to that road.
She said, okay, I'll sit here in the car.
You guys go, let me see.
I stayed with her with the others up there.
They came back with the face all down.
So how is it?
She managed, it's all broken and small compared to the others.
She didn't say anything.
I mean, my experience is that she knew every single thing.
She just was just playing with her children.
Enjoy.
She didn't say anything.
So she said, okay, let's go buy some furniture.
No, she didn't buy anything and still go furniture.
So we find huge building, five-story building.
One floor is beds, one floor is dining room, chairs, one floor is cupboard.
She just not stopping, just walking.
You're right, four beds of single bed, two beds of double.
This is the room.
Chair, table, big list.
Two or three hours we were just going up and down.
So nice Guru Puja is coming.
She wanted to do puja in the garden of the castle.
It happened for some reason we couldn't buy that big castle.
So quickly she said, let's go to Cabela.
So she came there.
The mayor of Cabela has a jeep.
So we went up.
In one hour she bought Cabela.
And then for puja somehow we organized everything there next to the river.
And exactly all those furniture she bought it, we can see Cabela just right through there.
This was another episode.
Akbar, before you continue, do you remember, I seem to remember a little Ganesha puja on the lawn at the back of the castle, even before Guru Puja.
Do you remember that?
Well, it can't have been before Guru Puja, but there was a little puja.
This was after.
The first was on the river we rent a kind of a place.
We put a tent and it was there.
Then we kind of did puja on the back of the castle.
A little one just on that lawn outside.
Yeah.
Another story was buying this rum ashram.
She was in Rome and I was a driver or someone.
Before she's coming tomorrow, the day before that, I just thought I go buy a new suit and then go to airport and have a new suit.
So I go one road close to my house from one shop to another shop.
These that was not my side.
I couldn't find and this is eight o'clock and shops are closing.
I reached to the end of the road.
Then I said, OK, maybe mother doesn't want to buy a suit.
I come home.
I come towards the car.
Now the road is a bit dark because all the shops are closed.
And I reached to my car.
I see a plastic bag hanging to my door.
I said, somebody mistake.
Shall I wait and see if somebody come?
Ten minutes I wait.
Nobody coming and nobody's in the road.
I just go there and look a little bit in the bag at some clothes.
Again, another five minutes I wait and nobody comes.
So I came home.
There were three suits in my size.
Because my legs were short.
All the time I have to shorten but this was.
So anyway, we go to the airport.
We bring her.
She was about one week in Rome.
And at that time we had 100 children, two, three years old.
So the departure day, she had flight I think at two o'clock afternoon.
Usually she get up at seven, eight, have tea.
Talk to people.
Then always have breakfast.
No, shower, then breakfast.
Then she's ready.
So now it's nine o'clock, ten o'clock, eleven o'clock.
Still she's not moving.
She didn't have still breakfast.
And she's not, she didn't have shower.
Then somehow she went shower, have breakfast.
Nice.
12.30.
Now have one hour and half.
Then 100 children are waiting outside with the flowers.
We are shaking because flight is canceling.
So we come out hugging these children, drinking flowers.
So we have, she sat in the car.
We have one hour.
She went to sleep.
We were going 180, 190 kilometers an hour.
Ten kilometer to the airport.
It was an accident so all the cars stopped.
In Italy there is always a line for police and things.
So we put it there, all the light on.
And we're going 100 kilometer an hour.
We just reach to the airport and we see all the yogis are outside.
So I felt that something happened because usually most of the people are inside.
As soon as I break, she just woke up.
She said, what's happening?
So we put the glass down.
They said, she's already, flight is canceled.
Oh, okay.
Let's go have lunch.
So we go to the fish restaurant, very nice.
And we have lunch.
And there we had, Guido had this advertisement about this Rome Armstrong.
And it was a big project so he couldn't decide, meeting Shimadu.
He asked her, Shimadu, shall we go see this place?
I said yes.
So we go, we come to the Armstrong.
She sat in the car.
She said, oh, already I saw, you go and see.
So we go see and it was perfect because many rooms and if you are up in there,
you can see big hall and all these Roman arches, very nice.
And big land also is there.
So we came out, the Shimadu is perfect.
Then she said, go see the other building.
It was two buildings that honor couldn't sell because it was too good.
So it divided in two.
Anyway, we went to see the other one also.
Okay, bargain.
So then somehow we go to the Armstrong.
These are few episodes somehow of my story with her.
Exactly, she should know what is happening.
Do you have any special miracle stories to tell us, Akbar?
Miracle stories are a lot.
I just say few of them.
Somehow this was, I was living in Tenablet and she was going to Los Angeles.
And we were in the airport.
I was there also.
And 50, 60 leaders were there also.
Then it was after the puja.
But before her departure, she called me and said,
when we come to Los Angeles, I want to talk to you about Iran.
Now I'm living in Capella.
I see her often, but not a lot.
I knew because there are many Iranians there also.
Anyway, I went much earlier.
I did program.
I had interviewing TV.
It was a big program, very nice.
So I went to see her in the house.
And I said, I mean, she asked me to go and see her.
I don't want to travel.
I don't have anything that I have to see her.
But this fellow went up there and she said, Akbar is here.
She just said, oh, Akbar the king, tell him to come up.
And she went up.
This was 2003, exactly the time when she started receiving back.
I never forget that she was so happy and the collaboration was amazing.
And SSTP was there and she was saying, oh, he's doing so much for Sahabhi.
Oh, God.
I said, Shri Mataji, please, this message you brought it for us, this love is so great.
You cannot hold it down.
You have to go.
Anyway, at the end, she said, these Iranians are very dharmic people, open-hearted.
So lots of seekers are there.
So we have to try to save as much as we can.
Shri Mataji, I promise you, I do my little best.
So from that time, I used to go to Los Angeles, stay three months and come back to three weeks
in Kabela, then go back for three months, for two years.
I did a lot of program in different cities.
And then one time in the immigration, they cut hold of me.
So they put me in one room.
They don't tell me what's happening, but I know.
It's like they go in the computer, they see two years I'm there.
What is he doing there?
These are few experience I had really taught me that surrendering, what does it mean surrendering?
So I arrived there, it was six o'clock.
Now it's 10 o'clock in the night.
They don't tell me anything.
It's 12 o'clock.
I felt the next day they want to send me back.
So it's one o'clock.
I just said, okay, let me meditate.
I mean, in that kind of vibration there is police, very serious stuff.
I just, I don't know, five, 10 minutes meditating.
So Kundalini was so strong and suddenly I feel my heart full of joy.
My body was joy.
And I just felt, okay, if they want to send me back, it's good.
Because my family is there, my family is there.
Here I have to run, here and there.
It works.
I kind of really surrendered because until one o'clock my attention was so worried.
I came all this way, what is happening?
His ego started.
But in that moment, now you see how the divine plays.
I open my eyes, I see all these police officers are changed.
When they change, I don't know.
It was five minutes of meditation.
And this African American lady, police officer sitting there.
I just jumped to her.
I said, you know, we are teaching meditation and this energy will awaken.
And you enter into this state of thoughtless awareness.
She said, what?
Thoughtless.
How can you be thoughtless?
I'm getting crazy.
I have so many thoughts, I don't know what to do.
I said, it's so easy.
You want to try?
She said, yes.
Okay, my police officer watching me.
I said, open your eyes, close your eyes.
I saw his eye gear is there, his back.
So I open my eye gear and push.
My eye gear is open and she just went.
I said, stay as long as you want, enjoy.
Nearly 20 minutes she was in that state.
She opened her eyes.
What did you do?
There's no thought.
I said, this is what I'm doing.
So this is my business card.
So that is, you have a hole in Los Angeles.
You can go there.
It's free of charge.
She said, why you are here then?
I said, that's why we are here.
I don't know what they think.
I'm coming here just to teach meditation.
She said, wait, I go and see what they have written for you.
After five minutes, she came.
I said, oh, sorry.
I'm so sorry from immigration department.
You are free.
You want the car?
We can give you a car.
You want the telephone?
She said, telephone.
I'm very sorry.
For five times she came to Albroga.
But as she was living near the airport, we couldn't follow.
So kind of a few episodes that said,
you're really surrendering what doesn't mean.
Then she is in the realm of divine.
She can do anything.
She is God Almighty.
She can change everything.
So another episode was, it was about London.
So I was living in United, Los Angeles,
but my children were in Rome, Australia.
They were studying there.
So three months before, I said, okay,
I come for Christmas time, spend time with my children.
I said, okay, they were happy.
So I got my ticket.
And two weeks before my departure,
my son is calling me and said,
oh, there is the UO Shakti Seminar in London.
So shall we go there?
I said, I'm coming there to spend with you.
What, you're going there?
But then I said, yes, I mean,
we would enjoy more there with me.
Anyway, I said, anyway, I come to Brahma Ashram.
So our flight come to the London.
And the captain, they says, there is so much fog.
So they don't allow any plane to land.
But they told us, 10 minutes we go around,
maybe something happened.
Already I feel, oh, London,
children are coming there,
Christmas time.
Somehow I'm happy with them.
And after 10 minutes, the captain says,
okay, only they give permission to us
because we're coming from far away from America.
So the plane landed.
I entered the airport full of people.
Everybody's angry.
All the flight was canceled.
I'm so happy.
Let's go see what's happening.
I went to the desk with Isha.
So what shall we do?
He said, they say for five days,
this fog is there.
All the flights are canceled for five days.
So this is the five star hotel thing.
This is money for your traveling.
This is for eating.
So five days we were there.
We went to the seminar.
We spent time with Christmas time with them.
Somehow.
More part of these stories?
Yes, please. Yes, please.
Yes, yes.
Another time was this very,
was India tour.
And always, whenever I went to the tour,
they used to give me a bus.
So there were so many buses, Krishna bus, Kanesha bus.
This was Ak bus.
It was famous.
In this bus, there is no eating, no sleeping.
Only bad.
So all these musicians, joyful people, they were full.
I mean, really it was particular.
So this time, this year, it was very nice tour.
And everybody tell, come on, you have to go.
I said, there's no money.
I cannot.
Two months before.
But time to turn the car, I said, still nothing happened.
This is another kind of surrendering example.
Two days before the tour start, I just surrender.
I said, two days, not possible anymore.
Because always the desire was mother, some miracle, some thing.
So I just was not in my head.
And I was clearing up my office paper things.
In those time, they used to give the booklet from the bank,
how much you have, how much you spend,
every time they write it down.
And whenever I changed my residence, I didn't change.
I didn't close my account.
I opened another account next to my place.
Somehow four or five of these booklets came down in my hand.
I opened one, five euro, ten euro, five euro, ten euro,
three thousand euro, three thousand euro.
If in those time, if I had three thousand euro, I cannot forget.
So I said, okay, if three thousand euro is there,
but I had the Iranian passport to get the Indian visa,
usually three or four days in those time.
I said, if this happens, let's go see what's happening.
So I go to the Indian Embassy.
I ask, is it a bit urgent?
He said, when do you want? I said, tomorrow.
He said, come this afternoon, it's ready.
So this three thousand was exactly the right amount to enjoy shopping and train.
So still, I don't know from where this three thousand came.
And one bank didn't complain so much.
Another one, so many.
Somehow I was in India tour, something happened one week before I had to come back to Italy.
So everybody was saying, no, we cannot change your ticket, it's too difficult, don't go.
I said, no, I have to go. I know something will happen.
I come to daily airport in Air France.
I go there, I said, there's something urgent, I have to go back.
So he said, it's impossible, 24 hours are waiting.
I said, I have to go.
He said, there is no possibility.
I said, can I talk to your manager?
The manager came, I said, look, I have to go, this is very emergency problem.
No possibility.
Wait until the end and see what's happening.
So at the end, before they closed the door, he came and said, oh, there is one place.
So he gave me, I go there, I sit, a lady sitting there.
I mean, can you believe, how can it possible, never happen, they give one seat to two people.
I see the numbers she had and I have, it's the same.
So this lady came and said, what's happening?
I said, well, it's the same number.
Check it out.
Okay, you come with me.
And it took me the first last I sit there, first time from India.
It was the most joyful flight of my life.
Do you have any more miracle stories or do you want to just share some of these experiences that helped you go deeper Akbar?
I think we go to that because it's getting closer to ending.
I don't think anybody is bored by your stories.
Enjoy, enjoy.
Thank you.
So, I mean, the most important thing in my Sahaja life is that
from, as I said from the beginning, studying Shri Mataji's Thak.
Because I saw when I'm listening to her Thak, so after two, three days, I don't remember anything.
So there is, I cannot absorb.
So the Divine came with all this pure knowledge of God Almighty.
So she's chosen us as employees.
So our job, which I understood, is that I go to her Thak and write and find all these phrases, all these words, which is pure knowledge of Divine.
And read again and again for 50 times, 100 times, 200 times, then absorb those vibrations, then retain it.
Then what's happening? First of all, I feel the joy because all these words, all these phrases of her give you joy.
And also the satsaras is open. So whatever I learn from my satsara goes to the eater and goes all over.
Now the human beings, those who are ready, they can absorb, they can grasp.
Even if they don't come to Sahaja Yoga, but they grow, with my growth, all human beings can grow.
So this first thing somehow that all the time from 40 years of my Sahaja Yoga life really is helping me a lot.
So then another thing I learned is that somehow Shri Mataji also is in our sacrum bone. She is there.
All the deities are within ourselves. So I learned that as much as possible, I just bring my attention within myself.
Every day, in the morning, I close my eyes and put my attention, put my hand in the sacrum bone and talk to her.
Shri Mataji, thank you for giving us this big blessing. Are you happy? Are you okay?
Just talking with her, talking to them with the Swami, just like that.
I can see, I mean, I feel those vibrations which are within me.
Then little by little, when I grow in Sahaja Yoga, I really can feel that.
This Akbar really cannot do anything because from childhood, my ego and superego is like a tape recorder.
So I record like this and this. This is the sun. This is the color of blue. So this tape recorder doesn't have any power.
So what I am doing during the day, whatever I do, Akbar, you are not doing. Then suddenly you kind of become thoughtless.
Then I make this mother kundalini work. In reality, she is doing everything. She is digesting my food. She is breathing for me.
She is running my heart. She is taking care of my liver, my kidney. 300 billion cells are working within me.
Akbar cannot do anything. He cannot move my fingers. So all is done by her. When I cook, I just, Swamahataji, you are going to cook.
When I eat, I say I have to give food to all these deities which matters within me.
Then this feeling of respecting yourself, loving yourself is developing within us. And this is always within me.
So wherever I go, I feel great. I feel good. I feel so peaceful and joyful. Because, okay, this kind of altar is there.
But that altar has a feeling I learn within ourselves. And wherever we go, it is with us.
So this also is a beautiful play when we just can watch through this thoughtless awareness, maybe a little bit in thoughtless awareness.
Then you don't have any doubt about yourself that you don't do any single thing. Then you surrender.
When I surrender, then I feel so much bliss. Then she is doing everything. Whatever is good for my life, for my growth, it's happening.
Because then you become the citizen of her. Then when you are a citizen of the divine, then she will take care of everything.
I really don't know how to thank her. Every walk of my life, I just bow within myself. I just say thank you, Srimadaji. Thank you. Thank you.
She is giving us this beautiful life that somehow we don't have any desire, we don't want anything. Because she is fulfilling you totally.
And you are still going around the world giving realization to Iranians mainly, isn't it?
Yes, mainly to Iranians. Recently, for three months, we went to all Europe, from Germany, Holland, Belgium, Scandinavia, to different cities.
With the car, we went 10,000 kilometers. Because now Iranians are everywhere. That's why Srimadaji knew at that time. She told me, take care of Iranians.
Then we came back and we went to Los Angeles. Again, I went around, I did so many programs. Now I'm coming to London. In June, we have some programs in Hampstead.
When I have to go to Paris, there are thousands and thousands of Iranians in these places. As long as I can walk, I can talk, I just try to give this message.
It's amazing, I can see wherever I do programs, when you see the eyes of these people. I don't know if Iranians are so particular, I don't know.
As soon as I talk to them, I see this energy awakened, you feel this coolness in your fontanel bone area, I can see the Kundalini in their eyes. It's just shining. I never saw anywhere.
I don't know, maybe Iran is in the map of the Divine Special Place, I don't know. But she always, whenever she saw us, she talked about Iran was the first place she gave collective self-realization in 1970.
I did not know that.
The first place she gave self-realization was because Baba Mama was there in 1970, she went to visit her. Then Baba Mama had a friend, colleagues, so one day, everybody there wanted to know about this meditation.
And she gave self-realization. A couple of times she asked me, still those people are coming to Swaraj Yoga? I said, I don't know, I'm not there. But somehow.
We still just have a few minutes left. Does anybody have a question for Akbar?
I think everybody's just blown away by your story, Saqbar.
Maybe a couple of minutes, we can meditate?
Yeah, sure, please.
We just close our eyes.
Just put both hands in the sacrum bone.
Just we bring our attention on our sacrum bone.
We just thank Shri Adi Shakti, Shri Mataji, for choosing us as her children, as her disciples, as her employees.
And try to feel this amazing power of her.
See if you can feel it rising so nicely, so smoothly.
You have to make her work. In reality, she is doing all the work.
But if we make her work, then we will develop her. We will develop our Kundalini. Otherwise, we're developing our ego.
Now we put our hand on our heart.
And try to feel the spirit, which is always Shri Mataji herself.
See if we can feel the joy come out of our hands.
The tanks have it.
Now we bring our hand with palm of our right hand, our satsrata.
Just try to massage the lotus feet in our satsram.
Just feel she is sitting in our satsram and also she is sitting in the satsram of all these human beings.
The human beings, they think they are doing this, they are doing that.
This one is the President of America, the other one is making a war, this, that. But they don't know, they cannot move one finger.
It's such a lila, such a drama, such a play. It's amazing.
Now we can bring our hand down and for a few moments, let's become one with this silence which prevails the whole universe.
This is the power of our Divine Mother. Become one with this silence.
Let's get lost.
This last step to our evolution, she chose us as an instrument.
At the Big Bang, the Adishakti is separated from Sadashiva.
Now when we rise our Kundalini, we rise Adishakti, we meet them with Sadashiva.
It means one cycle of our evolution ending when our Kundalini established in our satsram.
Such a responsibility, such a beautiful play, such an important we are for Divine.
We have to meet them as much as possible.
Thank you.
Such a beautiful realization. Thank you everyone. Thank you for listening to me.
We can rise our Kundalini if we don't simplify now.
With this knowledge that we are meeting Adishakti with Sadashiva.
Thank you.
Thank you. Thank you Akbar. I shall be listening to this talk again, especially to your tips on going deeper. I need to take those in again definitely. Thank you so much.
Thank you very much. Thank you everybody.
Thank you Akbar.
Thank you.